Job Scraper and Application Automation
Overview
This project includes two Python scripts for job scraping and application automation using Selenium and BeautifulSoup:

job_scraper.py: Scrapes job listings from Indeed and LinkedIn.
job_portal_automation.py: Automates job applications by interacting with the user via a GUI and applying to selected job listings.
Features
Scrapes job listings from Indeed and LinkedIn based on job title and location.
Allows the user to filter job listings based on skills.
Provides a GUI for applying to jobs and choosing resumes.
Automatically uploads resumes and submits job applications.
Prerequisites
Python 3.x
Selenium WebDriver for Chrome (make sure chromedriver is compatible with your Chrome version)
BeautifulSoup4
Tkinter (usually comes with Python's standard library)
Installation
Clone the Repository

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/job-scraper-and-application-automation.git
cd job-scraper-and-application-automation
Install Dependencies

Install the required Python packages:

bash
Copy code
pip install selenium beautifulsoup4
Ensure that chromedriver is downloaded and placed in the same directory as job_scraper.py or update the path in the script.

Configuration
job_scraper.py: Modify the job_title, location, and skills variables in the script or pass them as input when running the script.
job_portal_automation.py: Set the path to your resume files in the choose_resume() function. Ensure the predefined resume files are available in the project directory.
Usage
Running the Job Scraper
To scrape job listings, run:

bash
Copy code
python job_scraper.py
You will be prompted to choose a platform (Indeed or LinkedIn), and the script will output job listings based on the provided parameters.

Running the Job Application Automation
To automate job applications, run:

bash
Copy code
python job_portal_automation.py
Enter the job title and location.
Choose the platform (Indeed or LinkedIn).
Select a resume from the predefined options.
For each job listing, a popup will ask if you want to apply. Choose yes, update, or no.
Code Overview
job_scraper.py
init_driver(): Initializes the Selenium WebDriver.
scrape_jobs_indeed(): Scrapes job listings from Indeed.
scrape_jobs_linkedin(): Scrapes job listings from LinkedIn.
scrape_jobs(): Main function to call the appropriate scraper based on the platform.
job_portal_automation.py
show_popup(): Displays a GUI popup asking if the user wants to apply for the job.
apply_for_job(): Automates the job application process by uploading a resume and submitting the application.
choose_resume(): Lets the user select a resume from predefined options.
main(): Main function to run the job application automation process.
Troubleshooting
WebDriver Issues: Ensure that chromedriver is compatible with your version of Chrome.
Page Load Issues: Increase time.sleep() durations if pages take longer to load.
Element Not Found: Update the XPaths in the apply_for_job() function if LinkedIn or Indeed changes their page structure.
Contributing
Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests for improvements. Please ensure that your contributions adhere to the project’s coding standards and include appropriate tests.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Feel free to customize this documentation to better fit your project specifics or add any additional sections as needed.
